Add a "How to Migrate from SDK Java to SDK JVM" page (#99)
kuzzleio/sdk-java: doc/3/migration/how-to/index.md

### Maven:
**from**
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.kuzzle</groupId>
  <artifactId>kuzzle-sdk-java</artifactId>
  <version>3.0.0</version>
  <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```
**to**
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.kuzzle</groupId>
  <artifactId>sdk-jvm</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle:
**from**
```groovy
implementation 'io.kuzzle:kuzzle-sdk-java:3.0.0'
```
**to**
```groovy
implementation 'io.kuzzle:sdk-jvm:1.0.0'
```

### Ivy:
**from**
```html
<dependency org='io.kuzzle' name='kuzzle-sdk-java' rev='3.0.0'>
  <artifact name='kuzzle-sdk-java' ext='pom' ></artifact>
</dependency>
```
**to**
```html
<dependency org='io.kuzzle' name='sdk-jvm' rev='1.0.0'>
  <artifact name='sdk-jvm' ext='pom' ></artifact>
</dependency>
```

# Breaking changes

## Options handling

The main difference between those two SDKs is the way they handle options on API actions.

In the Java SDK, there is an option class for each API action, such as [SearchOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/search-options),
[CreateOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/create-options) or [SubscriptionOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/subscribe-options).

> It allowed us to not write as much as overloads as available options.
> If the method signature could have 5 options, we had to have 5 different signatures,
> or one with the options object, and another without it.
> 
> Since the new Jvm SDK is written in Kotlin, we now use the optional parameters directly in
> the function signature, and add a `@JvmOverload` annotation to it in order to generate
> as much as overload as we need.

Reviewer: I'm not fond of that way of explaining why Java signatures have changed.

What about this one?

```suggestion
Using option objects was a simple and easy way for our SDK users to handle the many available options in API actions.

The new JVM SDK is now entirely written in Kotlin. The Java part of that SDK is now generated from the Kotlin code.  
The idiomatic way of handling optional arguments in Kotlin is to use named arguments, which is not supported by Java. 

What this means is this: optional arguments in Java are now handled using overloads. Most of them are automatically created when converting Kotlin code to Java, but we also added a few ones of our own, and removed less pertinent ones, so that the methods exposed by the Java SDK are as consistent as possible.
```

Author: Nice suggestion :+1: thanks

That is why in this SDK, **we do not have any `Options` object**.

For example:

```java
public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      final String index,
      final String collection,
      final ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      final SearchOptions options)
```
Becomes:

```kotlin
@JvmOverloads
fun search(
      index: String,
      collection: String,
      searchQuery: ConcurrentHashMap<String, Any?>,
      scroll: String? = null,
      size: Int? = null,
      from: Int = 0): CompletableFuture<SearchResult>
```

Which will generate the followings signatures:

```java
public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery)

public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      String scroll)

public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      String scroll,

>       Integer size)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Integer size)
      
public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      Integer size,
      Integer from)
```

---
code: false
type: page

> title: SDK Java to SDK Jvm
> description: SDK Java to SDK Jvm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: SDK Java to SDK JVM
description: SDK Java to SDK JVM
```

order: 99
---

> # SDK Jvm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SDK JVM
```

> In this tutorial you will learn how to migrate from the Kuzzle **Java SDK** to the **Jvm SDK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial you will learn how to migrate from the Kuzzle **Java SDK** to the **JVM SDK**.
```

::: info
Having trouble? Get in touch with us on [Discord](http://join.discord.kuzzle.io)!
:::

## Installation

> The installation of the SDK is the same as the Java SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation of the JVM SDK is the same as for the Java SDK.
```

> You can find the SDK JARs directly on [bintray](https://bintray.com/kuzzle/maven/sdk-jvm). Download and add it to your classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the SDK JARs directly on [bintray](https://bintray.com/kuzzle/maven/sdk-jvm). Download them and add them to your classpath.
```

> # Maven:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Maven:
```

**from**
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.kuzzle</groupId>
  <artifactId>kuzzle-sdk-java</artifactId>
  <version>3.0.0</version>
  <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```
**to**
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.kuzzle</groupId>
  <artifactId>sdk-jvm</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <type>pom</type>
</dependency>
```

> # Gradle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Gradle:
```

**from**
```groovy
implementation 'io.kuzzle:kuzzle-sdk-java:3.0.0'
```
**to**
```groovy
implementation 'io.kuzzle:sdk-jvm:1.0.0'
```

> # Ivy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Ivy:
```

**from**
```html
<dependency org='io.kuzzle' name='kuzzle-sdk-java' rev='3.0.0'>
  <artifact name='kuzzle-sdk-java' ext='pom' ></artifact>
</dependency>
```
**to**
```html
<dependency org='io.kuzzle' name='sdk-jvm' rev='1.0.0'>
  <artifact name='sdk-jvm' ext='pom' ></artifact>
</dependency>
```

# Breaking changes

## Options handling

> The main difference between those two SDKs is the way how we handle options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference between those two SDKs is the way they handle options on API actions.
```

> In the Java SDK, we have an `Options` class for each option type such as [SearchOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/search-options),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Java SDK, there is an option class for each API action, such as [SearchOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/search-options),
```

[CreateOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/create-options) or [SubscriptionOptions](/sdk/java/3/core-classes/subscribe-options).

It allowed us to not write as much as overloads as available options.
If the method signature could have 5 options, we had to have 5 different signatures,
or one with the options object, and another without it.

Since the new Jvm SDK is written in Kotlin, we now use the optional parameters directly in
the function signature, and add a `@JvmOverload` annotation to it in order to generate
as much as overload as we need.

> That is why in this SDK, **we do not have any `Options` object**.

Reviewer: Oh, I didn't know that the new JVM SDK works with overloads. I hope this won't be too cumbersome for users... And it circumvents our specs about how optional arguments should be handled by our SDKs (https://github.com/kuzzleio/meeting-notes/blob/master/specs/2019-06-20%20Optional%20parameters%20in%20SDKs.md)

But, well... I did a quick check. And I found out that the JVM SDK generated this overload for `document:search`:

```
public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      String scroll,
      Integer from) throws NotConnectedException, InternalException
```

This is incorrect, as the `from` cannot be used with the `scroll` option:

```
$ kourou document:search foo bar --scroll="2s" --from 10
 
 🚀 Kourou - Searches for documents
 
 [ℹ] Connecting to ws://localhost:7512 ...
 [X] Error Validation Failed: 1: using [from] is not allowed in a scroll context
```

I think the automated overload generation should be controlled in some way, to exclude some unusable combinations.

For example:

```java
public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      final String index,
      final String collection,
      final ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      final SearchOptions options)
```
Becomes:

```kotlin
@JvmOverloads
fun search(
      index: String,
      collection: String,
      searchQuery: ConcurrentHashMap<String, Any?>,
      scroll: String? = null,
      from: Int = 0,
      size: Int? = null): CompletableFuture<SearchResult>
```

Which will generate the followings signatures:

```java
public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      String scroll,
      Integer from,
      Integer size)

public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      String scroll,
      Integer from)

public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,
      ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery,
      String scroll)

public CompletableFuture<SearchResult> search(
      String index,
      String collection,

>       ConcurrentHashMap<String, Object> searchQuery)

Reviewer: Aaaaand.... how can I use `from/size` only without scrolls? Have I to explicitly provide a `null` value to the scroll option?

This is really inconvenient :thinking:

Author: I think so yes.

Author: I updated the document:search signature here https://github.com/kuzzleio/sdk-jvm/pull/23
